Linking examples (#5463)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/model_configuration.md

    }
  ]
```

> Refer [this guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_2-improving_resource_utilization#concurrent-model-execution)
>  for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For a more detailed example of using instance groups, see 
[this guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_2-improving_resource_utilization#concurrent-model-execution).
```

dynamically created batches, the maximum time that requests can be
delayed in the scheduler to allow other requests to join the dynamic
batch, and queue properties such a queue size, priorities, and

> time-outs. Refer this guide for an 
> [example](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_2-improving_resource_utilization#what-is-dynamic-batching)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timeouts. Refer to 
[this guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_2-improving_resource_utilization#what-is-dynamic-batching)
for a more detailed example of dynamic batching.
```
